README.md, before:

# Repforge

Wow for adjusting an entity
- Do the change in domain Entity
- Db migrations
- Repo implementation update to fetch new fields
- Service arguments for creating/filtering if needed
- Rendering if applicable

- Domain Entity - add/modify field
- Database migration (ALTER TABLE)
- Repo - update SELECT/INSERT/UPDATE queries
- Service - add validation/defaults if needed
- Service tests - update fixtures
- Handler - parse new field from request (if user-provided)
- UI - add form input or display field


--- No footshooting guide:
- Did you run templ generate after changing .templ files? ( Air handles this )
- Did you add the new field to ALL queries (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE)?
- Did you update in_mem.go for local testing?
- Did existing tests break? (good - they caught something!)

lets go back to basics?

<!--
NOTE: What should be the next step, 
---
i can have a type switch in the handler, no the handler is already type safe,
So it has to be in the rendering thing.
To make a genneric creation of a form. it can take FormRenderer? then i implement this wrapper, and pass it
What you get back from a renderer is formfields (templ.component)
Then its type safe all the way

-> General form handling and presentation pages for reusability
-->
# Todos
- [ ] generic forms and details pages
- [ ] Add workoutExercise for the workouts, a workoutexercise contains sets and a Exercise
      We should be able to go to the workoutsdetail page, and add workoutexercise to it.
      if we come back it should be stored through the workoutExercise repo, NO SETS yet!
- [ ] add Sets (number of reps + weights of exercises) then have a workout that we relate that rep and weight/time to 
- [ ] Create a cli that uses the same service for testing
- [ ] Add tests for service..
- [ ] Add ctx in db calls and service?
- [x] Add db repo for exercises
- [x] Updating lists
- [x] Exercise form
- [x] Edit exercise
- [x] New Exercise
- [x] Add link to exercise
- [x] Deletion of exercises
- [x] Exercise details
- [x] Exercise objects added
- [x] List of exercise route
- [x] Nicer font :) lets go with ubuntu font
- [x] Add edit workout screen ( same as new but populated with the current data)
      Document the process of how we best do it
      1. Handler should have function for workouts/:id/edit
      2. UI Template for the service to render the overlay
      3. enter data
      4. Update request is sent to workouts/:id
      5. collect that data and push it throught the service
      6. write to db
      7. return success
- [x] Add html content type function and return them from functions
- [x] Cleaning... 
      Think about creating a service for the handler. the handler takes a service, 
      that contains the repo and handles the business Logic,
- [x] Add delete button to list
- [x] Add delete route for workout
- [x] Add new workout screen
        This should not be a screen, i want to have a popup 
        that covers the entire screen where you can add a workout.
    - [x] Add popup when clicking add workout make the screen darker and absolute pos
    - [x] Add content styling so that we can display a form in the middle of Overlay
    - [x] add form for all the fields in a workout
    - [x] submit the form to the server, printing it
    - [x] insert it into the DB
- [x] Add sql folder structure
- [x] Add table for workouts AS IS
- [x] Add functions for creating a workout and store in db
- [x] remove notes in list view
# Ideas
- [ ] Could the system have coaches that distributes workout programs

Commit message:

workoutexercise handling and repo impl

README.md, after:

# Repforge

Wow for adjusting an entity
- Do the change in domain Entity
- Db migrations
- Repo implementation update to fetch new fields
- Service arguments for creating/filtering if needed
- Rendering if applicable

- Domain Entity - add/modify field
- Database migration (ALTER TABLE)
- Repo - update SELECT/INSERT/UPDATE queries
- Service - add validation/defaults if needed
- Service tests - update fixtures
- Handler - parse new field from request (if user-provided)
- UI - add form input or display field


--- No footshooting guide:
- Did you run templ generate after changing .templ files? ( Air handles this )
- Did you add the new field to ALL queries (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE)?
- Did you update in_mem.go for local testing?
- Did existing tests break? (good - they caught something!)


# Todos
- [ ] Add workoutExercise for the workouts, a workoutexercise contains sets and a Exercise
      We should be able to go to the workoutsdetail page, and add workoutexercise to it.
      if we come back it should be stored through the workoutExercise repo, NO SETS yet!
      - [ ] plus button that i can add exercise with
      - [ ] list all the exercises to add it
      - [ ] a drop down where we can now add sets

- [ ] add Sets (number of reps + weights of exercises) then have a workout that we relate that rep and weight/time to 
- [ ] Add tests for service..
- [ ] Add ctx in db calls and service?
- [ ] generic forms and details pages
- [x] Add db repo for exercises
- [x] Updating lists
- [x] Exercise form
- [x] Edit exercise
- [x] New Exercise
- [x] Add link to exercise
- [x] Deletion of exercises
- [x] Exercise details
- [x] Exercise objects added
- [x] List of exercise route
- [x] Nicer font :) lets go with ubuntu font
- [x] Add edit workout screen ( same as new but populated with the current data)
      Document the process of how we best do it
      1. Handler should have function for workouts/:id/edit
      2. UI Template for the service to render the overlay
      3. enter data
      4. Update request is sent to workouts/:id
      5. collect that data and push it throught the service
      6. write to db
      7. return success
- [x] Add html content type function and return them from functions
- [x] Cleaning... 
      Think about creating a service for the handler. the handler takes a service, 
      that contains the repo and handles the business Logic,
- [x] Add delete button to list
- [x] Add delete route for workout
- [x] Add new workout screen
        This should not be a screen, i want to have a popup 
        that covers the entire screen where you can add a workout.
    - [x] Add popup when clicking add workout make the screen darker and absolute pos
    - [x] Add content styling so that we can display a form in the middle of Overlay
    - [x] add form for all the fields in a workout
    - [x] submit the form to the server, printing it
    - [x] insert it into the DB
- [x] Add sql folder structure
- [x] Add table for workouts AS IS
- [x] Add functions for creating a workout and store in db
- [x] remove notes in list view
# Ideas
- [ ] Could the system have coaches that distributes workout programs
